README.md, before:

# Survival
 

  
<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href=""><img src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhpP08WXrpiC7unhN0oDo8qp_DUua5vDX9MPHLrMF54imsowsaIu3-deazJ3TBUkHFTjEGJc6MGm6QA7aftuWdffOVzOug4gBpEacGKm6ACAkXoPFXQPzXedJmZwyj8XlXrBfaHR0yRUr-fYlqk5nAXJGx4m4fSffogKzWsnomYyWqL0-9B0xzh8NqtDW8/s960/our%20Goal.png" width="300"></a>
  <br>
  Project Survival 
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Survive Waves, Level Up, Conquer Foes - All with Your NFT!</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#local-deployment">Local deployment</a> •
  <a href="#smart-contracts-deployments">smart contracts deployments</a> •
  <a href="#limitations">limitations </a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

![screenshot](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEieZPalAwowt-sB2JqWU8IjnFUfnx8I-shXaq03tyJWBSq5JoFikYlz38_YZPlUf99c4Sg2x30ZJdlSFAHkkMib9KICO8lJzeiFr4e3wFRB1Pg5vJfip0uRGzpgZx96RxnHoSW5Hx2M0lUXX1gUXv6YO4-NMEUGfvAwp6j2smnrFYYbdw90npaDPwfXZwQ/s1000/Untitled-1-Recovered.png)

## Introduction 

In this extraordinary gaming adventure, we redefine the very essence of tower defense. Gone are the days of mere survival; enter a realm where your NFTs become the heartbeat of your strategy, each one possessing the potential to evolve, level up, and emerge as an unstoppable force against waves of relentless enemies. This isn't just a game; it's a journey into the synergy of cutting-edge game development and the decentralized power of blockchain.

## Key Features

Key Features of Project Survival :

1. **Dynamic NFT Integration:** Dive into the forefront of gaming innovation with NFTs. Watch as these digital assets evolve, adapt, and bring a new layer of strategy to your gameplay. Transforming static assets into dynamic, strategic entities, Dynamic NFTs redefine your gaming experience.

2. **Strategic Tower Defense:** In the world of isometric tower defense battles, strategic brilliance is your greatest asset. Plan your moves thoughtfully, defend against waves of enemies, and secure victory with precise calculations. It's not just a game; it's a strategic challenge where every decision matters.

3. **Phaser-Powered Excellence::** Experience gaming at its peak with Phaser, a state-of-the-art game engine. This technology seamlessly combines visual excellence with immersive gameplay, ensuring a gaming experience that sets a new standard in the industry.

4. **NFT Leveling System:** Take your NFTs from beginners to champions through our sophisticated leveling system. Each strategic decision you make directly influences the growth of your assets. Witness a dynamic and personalized gaming journey as your NFTs progress and adapt.

5. **OPBNB Network Synergy:** Maximize the potential of your NFTs through seamless integration into the decentralized OPBNB Network. Trade, exchange, and connect with a vibrant gaming community


## Local deployment

a. install dep

```bash
npm i
```

b. run the app 

```bash
npm run start
```

## smart contracts deployments 

NFT contract : [0x1fC0d18d6045DCBD44933889496d5cf5F5360010](https://testnet.opbnbscan.com/address/0x1fC0d18d6045DCBD44933889496d5cf5F5360010) 


## limitations 

- In the demo is using `wagmi.getLogs` as such it will only query the last 10k blocks. 
- the nft only have one character which is `RED` 

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Implement Convex Leaderboard with DeFi Rewards

README.md, after:

# Survival
 

  
<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href=""><img src="https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEhpP08WXrpiC7unhN0oDo8qp_DUua5vDX9MPHLrMF54imsowsaIu3-deazJ3TBUkHFTjEGJc6MGm6QA7aftuWdffOVzOug4gBpEacGKm6ACAkXoPFXQPzXedJmZwyj8XlXrBfaHR0yRUr-fYlqk5nAXJGx4m4fSffogKzWsnomYyWqL0-9B0xzh8NqtDW8/s960/our%20Goal.png" width="300"></a>
  <br>
  Project Survival 
  <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Survive Waves, Level Up, Conquer Foes - All with Your NFT!</h4>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#local-deployment">Local deployment</a> •
  <a href="#smart-contracts-deployments">smart contracts deployments</a> •
  <a href="#limitations">limitations </a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

![screenshot](https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/img/b/R29vZ2xl/AVvXsEieZPalAwowt-sB2JqWU8IjnFUfnx8I-shXaq03tyJWBSq5JoFikYlz38_YZPlUf99c4Sg2x30ZJdlSFAHkkMib9KICO8lJzeiFr4e3wFRB1Pg5vJfip0uRGzpgZx96RxnHoSW5Hx2M0lUXX1gUXv6YO4-NMEUGfvAwp6j2smnrFYYbdw90npaDPwfXZwQ/s1000/Untitled-1-Recovered.png)

## Introduction 

In this extraordinary gaming adventure, we redefine the very essence of tower defense. Gone are the days of mere survival; enter a realm where your NFTs become the heartbeat of your strategy, each one possessing the potential to evolve, level up, and emerge as an unstoppable force against waves of relentless enemies. This isn't just a game; it's a journey into the synergy of cutting-edge game development and the decentralized power of blockchain.

## Key Features

Key Features of Project Survival :

1. **Dynamic NFT Integration:** Dive into the forefront of gaming innovation with NFTs. Watch as these digital assets evolve, adapt, and bring a new layer of strategy to your gameplay. Transforming static assets into dynamic, strategic entities, Dynamic NFTs redefine your gaming experience.

2. **Strategic Tower Defense:** In the world of isometric tower defense battles, strategic brilliance is your greatest asset. Plan your moves thoughtfully, defend against waves of enemies, and secure victory with precise calculations. It's not just a game; it's a strategic challenge where every decision matters.

3. **Phaser-Powered Excellence::** Experience gaming at its peak with Phaser, a state-of-the-art game engine. This technology seamlessly combines visual excellence with immersive gameplay, ensuring a gaming experience that sets a new standard in the industry.

4. **NFT Leveling System:** Take your NFTs from beginners to champions through our sophisticated leveling system. Each strategic decision you make directly influences the growth of your assets. Witness a dynamic and personalized gaming journey as your NFTs progress and adapt.

5. **OPBNB Network Synergy:** Maximize the potential of your NFTs through seamless integration into the decentralized OPBNB Network. Trade, exchange, and connect with a vibrant gaming community


## Local deployment

a. install dep

```bash
npm i
```

b. setup convex

```bash
npx convex dev
```

c. configure environment variables

Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your Convex URL and other required variables.

d. run the app 

```bash
npm run start
```

## smart contracts deployments 

NFT contract : [0x1fC0d18d6045DCBD44933889496d5cf5F5360010](https://testnet.opbnbscan.com/address/0x1fC0d18d6045DCBD44933889496d5cf5F5360010) 


## limitations 

- In the demo is using `wagmi.getLogs` as such it will only query the last 10k blocks. 
- the nft only have one character which is `RED` 

## License

MIT
